Capital: [[Light, Radiant Citadel]] Ruler: [[Queen Aira Solar III, The Radiant Queen|Queen Aira Solar III]], Human
The only real Kingdom of [[Ivria]], Heartia is located on the east of the continent. The kingdom is ruled by the [[Solar Dynasty]], a long line of Kings and Queens that have ruled the kingdom since its emergence over 1000 years ago. The country is known for its dedication to faith over science. It is also the only country to not have an active chapter of the UMDA, despite the capital sitting right on top of an [[Arcane Leyline]].
The kingdom’s current ruler is Queen Aira Solar III. She is said to be blessed by [[Palor, The Dawnfather]] himself, having the nickname the Radiant Queen. She is often seen in the capital, choosing to live more among the populus versus living in an ivory tower like her father during his rule. Due to this, most people have seen her as a benevolent queen and a champion of the people. She still rules however from the Alabaster Keep, a large castle at the heart of the city made mostly from alabaster bricks.
The country is littered with dungeons and ruins, so many adventurers travel between the Republic of Ne and the Kingdom of Heartia for adventures. It houses many famous dungeons like the Eternal Maze, the Blackstone Spire and the Abyssal Pit. The dungeons in Heartia are special however. In the center of the country stands the Tower of Babylon, the home to the god Babyl, God of Adventuring and Dungeons. Due to his influence on the land, many dungeons will reset after being conquered for long enough. His sandstone tower itself is also a dungeon. It is an infinitely large sandstone spire that is seemingly alive. The city of Kashmir is built around it, where many there live to eventually get to the top.